readme.md, before:

# Riverbank #
**Contributors:** [themeisle](https://profiles.wordpress.org/themeisle/)  
**Tags:** block-patterns  
**Requires at least:** 5.5  
**Tested up to:** 6.1  
**Stable tag:** trunk  
**Requires PHP:** 7.0  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

## Description ##
TODO: Description.

## Copyright ##
Riverbank WordPress theme, Copyright 2022 Themeisle
Riverbank is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPLv2 or later

## Changelog ##

## Resources ##
All images are licensed under CC0.

Patterns resources:

* img-riverbank-01.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/4200554/illustration-image-watercolor-public-domain-leaf
* img-riverbank-02.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/324308/free-illustration-image-butterfly-vintage-moth
* img-riverbank-03.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/574537/pink-french-rose
* img-riverbank-04.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/4218575/illustration-image-watercolor-public-domain-leaf
* img-riverbank-05.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/4200554/illustration-image-watercolor-public-domain-leaf
* img-riverbank-06.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/428176/free-illustration-image-hokusai-eagle-cloud
* img-riverbank-07.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/428194/free-illustration-image-sun-moon-astronomy
* img-riverbank-08.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/324454/vintage-elephant-poster
* img-riverbank-09.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/4200554/illustration-image-watercolor-public-domain-leaf & https://www.rawpixel.com/image/574537/pink-french-rose

Commit message:

chore: reset version & add description

readme.md, after:

# Riverbank #
**Contributors:** [themeisle](https://profiles.wordpress.org/themeisle/)  
**Tags:** block-patterns  
**Requires at least:** 5.5  
**Tested up to:** 6.1  
**Stable tag:** trunk  
**Requires PHP:** 7.0  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

## Description ##
Riverbank is a highly customizable and user-friendly WordPress theme that is optimized for search engines and fully compatible with the Gutenberg editor and popular page builder plugins. With support for WooCommerce, translation into other languages, and a responsive design, Riverbank is suitable for a variety of websites including blogs, small businesses, and online shops.
## Copyright ##
Riverbank WordPress theme, Copyright 2022 Themeisle
Riverbank is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPLv2 or later

## Changelog ##

## Resources ##
All images are licensed under CC0.

Patterns resources:

* img-riverbank-01.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/4200554/illustration-image-watercolor-public-domain-leaf
* img-riverbank-02.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/324308/free-illustration-image-butterfly-vintage-moth
* img-riverbank-03.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/574537/pink-french-rose
* img-riverbank-04.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/4218575/illustration-image-watercolor-public-domain-leaf
* img-riverbank-05.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/4200554/illustration-image-watercolor-public-domain-leaf
* img-riverbank-06.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/428176/free-illustration-image-hokusai-eagle-cloud
* img-riverbank-07.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/428194/free-illustration-image-sun-moon-astronomy
* img-riverbank-08.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/324454/vintage-elephant-poster
* img-riverbank-09.png - https://www.rawpixel.com/image/4200554/illustration-image-watercolor-public-domain-leaf & https://www.rawpixel.com/image/574537/pink-french-rose
